Deploying from tools like Remix can be easy in some ways but limiting in others.
While this is a great way to get started with new ideas,
you'll eventually want to get rid of some of the headaches that come up from using them.
For one, if you practice deploying from your local environment using Remix enough,
you'll get tired of the pattern of deploying,
copying the ABI over,
copying the contract address over,
and other repetitive tasks.
For this and many other reasons that you'll learn to love overtime,
the Truffle framework was created.
The Truffle framework is a suite of tools
meant to help improve your life as a DApp developer.
Right away, something should look pretty familiar.
Ganache is here. Ganache is one tool from within the Truffle framework.
So, if Ganache is just a side project,
imagine how helpful the core tool in this framework will be.
As it says, Truffle is a world-class development environment,
testing framework, and asset pipeline for blockchains.
You'll get into the testing and asset management soon,
but to start we'll focus on the development environment.
Below the video, I linked the homepage,
the GitHub page, and the Gitter page you can use to get involved with the community.
Take some time to look through these if you'd like,
then continue through this concept to see how to get started for yourself.
This is a great tool we'll start to use
a lot alongside other tools you've learned so far.
Remix, Infura, Ganache, and other tools are still totally relevant.
This is just another way to make your developer experience even better.